what's up Carl doing a review of my new
ESP LTD ec1000 deluxe and vintage glass
and of course my cell phone is gonna
ring hello
all right sorry about that let's go
through the guitars is badass
let's go through the Queen cells Queens
I already explained to say a fender or
maybe a Les Paul because man jeez but
she'll sound pretty good
but where this guitar really shows is
with some Distortion
really really nice for divorcing
so yeah sounds really good
distorted it's not bad clean that right
there was in the bridge pickup
and they're just an exit
so so learn how to play that's Josh um
really definitely battle guitar but you
can play all kinds of different
hahnsbach if you play some major styles
on their welfare check one out
definitely badass guitar really
lightweight
evany fingerboard it's got my new ladies
mockingly - nerds I don't know we can
see that locking tuners on the back
they're locking tail piece of bridge -
volume controls one for each pickup and
then a master tone and your e-waste
elective strips
so check it out thanks